TINY-6860: Change default height of editor (#7629)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/tinymce/CHANGELOG.md

- Notifications no longer require a timeout to disable the close button #TINY-6679
- The editor theme is now fetched in parallel with the icons, language pack and plugins #TINY-8453
- Calls to `editor.selection.setRng` now update the cursor position bookmark used when focus is returned to the editor #TINY-8450

> - The default height of editor is changed from `200px` to `400px` #TINY-6860

Reviewer: As I said you can't use `changed` in an improved entry, so how about something like this:
```suggestion
- The default height of editor has been increased from `200px` to `400px` #TINY-6860
```

Reviewer: I am wondering if we need to say why though, as remember this is a UX improvement to make the editor more usable since 200px was deemed too small for content authoring.

Author: Going to change it `The default height of editor has been increased from `200px` to `400px` to improve the usability of UI #TINY-6860`?

Reviewer: Sounds good 👍

Reviewer: actually, maybe say `usability of the editor` rather than the UI?

> - The default minimum height of editor has been changed to 100px to prevent the UI disappearing while resizing #TINY-6860

Reviewer: This is the opposite of what I said needed doing... this should be changed and the other should be in Improved.

Author: Sorry. I didn't read it carefully. 
However, makes more sense to me for this to be in the Improved section since it improves the usability of the UI.

Reviewer: It's not an improvement, if anything it's a bug fix, but because it's changing behaviour the `Changed` is a higher precedence so it should go in there.

- Notifications no longer require a timeout to disable the close button #TINY-6679
- The editor theme is now fetched in parallel with the icons, language pack and plugins #TINY-8453
- Calls to `editor.selection.setRng` now update the cursor position bookmark used when focus is returned to the editor #TINY-8450

> - Changed the default height of Editor from `200px` to `400px` #TINY-6860

Reviewer: This should probably be in the `Improved` section, as it's being changed to make the editor more usable by default. Also `Editior` shouldn't be capitalised.

- [ ] Move this to Improved and reword to match

Author: It is already in Improved section

Reviewer: Ahh sorry, it started with `Changed` and I couldn't see the top. In that case the line below should be in `Changed` instead and this needs rewording.

> - Set the default min height of Editor to 100px so it can't be made disappeared while resizing  #TINY-6860

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  The default minimum height of editor has been changed to 100px to prevent the UI disappearing while resizing  #TINY-6860
```
